clarify form validation exercise relating to library project (#30121)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: javascript/javascript_in_the_real_world/form_validation_with_javascript.md

#### Warmup

> Go back to your 'Library' project and add validation to that form! Display a custom error message when the user tries to submit an empty form field (eg. "The author name must be filled!"). Don’t forget to use the git branch workflow you learned in [Revisiting Rock Paper Scissors](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/foundations-revisiting-rock-paper-scissors) from Foundations to work on a new feature.

Reviewer: Nit
```suggestion
Go back to your 'Library' project and add validation to that form! Display a custom error message when the user tries to submit an empty form field (e.g. "The author name must be filled!"). Don’t forget to use the git branch workflow you learned in [Revisiting Rock Paper Scissors](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/foundations-revisiting-rock-paper-scissors) from Foundations to work on a new feature.
```
